[docs] add extra field to updates spec (#13027)
expo/expo: docs/pages/technical-specs/expo-updates-0.md

  launchAsset: Asset;
  assets: Asset[];
  metadata: { [key: string]: string};

>   extra: { [key: string]: any};

Reviewer: would it make sense to enforce that values are also key-string'd objects?

Reviewer 2: The values really can be anything JSON-compatible right now. I believe we have objects that are nested a few levels deep. There might be some arrays too.

>   extra: { [key: string]: any};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  extra: { [key: string]: any };
```

    * `contentType`: The MIME type of the file as defined by [RFC 2045](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2045). e.g. `application/javascript`, `image/jpeg`.
    * `url`: Location at which the file may be fetched.
  * `metadata`: The metadata associated with an update. It is a string-valued dictionary. The server MAY send back anything it wishes to be used for filtering the updates. The metadata MUST pass the filter defined in the accompanying `expo-manifest-filters` header.

>   * `extra`: For storage of optional "extra" information, such as 3rd party configuration. For example, if the update is hosted on EAS, the EAS project ID will be included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `extra`: For storage of optional "extra" information such as third-party configuration. For example, if the update is hosted on Expo Application Services (EAS), the EAS project ID may be included:
```
```suggestion
  * `extra`: For storage of optional "extra" information, such as 3rd party configuration. For example, if the update is hosted on EAS, the EAS project ID will be included:
```
